I am in a lot of pain. My body is
completely falling apart and most of the
time I want to lay down and cry. So
content is going to be different.
Basically I have psoriasis. It's on my
scalp. You can kind of see it right
here. It's also on my fingernails. I
don't know if you can see that. And the
latest progression is now it's attacking
my joints, my fingers, my neck, my upper
spine, my hips, my feet. Basically my
entire body. Don't get it twisted. I am
still flexible. Now I've got a long
journey ahead of me trying to fix my
chronic issues. I know it feels like the
wider world is just falling apart half
the time. And you know what? Sometimes
my own personal world also feels like
it's falling apart. But let me read
something. The spirit of a man can
endure his sickness. But as for a broken
spirit, who can bear it? If you're going
through something right now, you're not
alone. Yeah, it sucks. But you're
stronger than you think you are, and
we'll get through this together. I love
you. It takes a decision to be strong.
And I'm asking you not to give up. And I
won't either. Do we have a deal?